written consent of the landlord.

B.5 Occupants

B.5.1 The maximum number of persons permitted to reside at
the premises is two (2), as specified in Item 11 of Part A.
B.5.2 The tenant shall not permit any person other than
the approved occupants to reside at the premises without
the prior written consent of the landlord.

B.6 Pets

B.6.1 Pets are not permitted at the premises without the
prior written consent of the landlord, as specified in Item
12 of Part A.

B.6.2 Any consent granted by the landlord for the keeping
of a pet may be subject to additional conditions, including
requirements for professional cleaning at the end of the
tenancy.

B.7 Parking

B.7.1 The tenant is allocated one (1) designated car
parking space located at Basement Level 1, Space #47, as
specified in Item 13 of Part A.

B.7.2 Access to the parking area is via a remote-
controlled gate. One (1) parking fob shall be provided to
the tenant at commencement of the tenancy.

B.7.3 The parking space shall be used only for the parking
of a registered motor vehicle. Storage of goods, materials,
or other items in the parking space is not permitted.

B.8 Maintenance

B.8.1 The tenant shall keep the premises in a reasonably
clean condition and shall not intentionally or negligently
cause or permit any damage to the premises.

B.8.2 The tenant shall promptly notify the landlord or
property manager of any damage to the premises or any need
for repairs.

B.8.3 The tenant shall not make any alterations,
additions, or renovations to the premises without the prior
written consent of the landlord.

B.9 Landlord Obligations

B.9.1 The landlord shall ensure that the premises are
maintained in a reasonable state of repair, having regard
to the age and condition of the premises at the
commencement of the tenancy.

B.9.2 The landlord shall ensure that the premises comply
with all applicable health and safety standards.

B.9.3 The landlord shall provide the tenant with
reasonable notice before entering the premises, in
accordance with the Residential Tenancies Act 1997 (Vic).
B.10 Tenant Obligations

B.10.1 The tenant shall pay rent on time and in the manner
specified in this agreement.

B.10.2 The tenant shall not use the premises, or permit
the premises to be used, for any illegal purpose.

B.10.3 The tenant shall comply with all applicable body
corporate rules and by-laws pertaining to the building.
B.10.4 The tenant shall not cause or permit any nuisance
or interference with the reasonable peace, comfort, and
privacy of neighbours.

Part C — Special Conditions

The following special conditions form part of this
agreement and are binding upon both parties:

(a) The tenant is issued one (1) building access fob for
the main entrance and parking gate. Replacement fobs incur
a $75 fee payable to the body corporate.
