RESIDENTIAL TENANCY AGREEMENT
State of Victoria, Australia

PARTIES

This Residential Tenancy Agreement is entered into between
Gregory Tan (hereinafter referred to as the Landlord) and
Emma Whitfield (hereinafter referred to as the Tenant). The
Landlord’s property is managed by Acme Property Group, and
all correspondence and enquiries should be directed to the
managing agent.

Property Manager Contact — Julia Torres, Acme Property
Group. Email: julia.torres@acmepg.com.au. Phone: +61 3 9555
0142.

PREMISES

The Landlord agrees to lease to the Tenant the residential
premises located at 7/220 Harbour View Boulevard, Docklands
VIC 3008 (the Premises). The Premises are provided in a
furnished condition as detailed in the Furnished Items

section of this agreement. The Tenant acknowledges having
inspected the Premises prior to signing and accepts them in
their current condition, subject to the property condition

report completed at the commencement of the tenancy.

TERM AND RENT

The term of this tenancy shall commence on 1 June 2026 and
shall expire on 31 May 2027, constituting a fixed term of

12 months. Upon expiry, the tenancy may continue on a
month-to-month basis in accordance with the Residential
Tenancies Act 1997 (Vic), unless either party provides
written notice of termination as required by law.

The Tenant agrees to pay a monthly rent of $3,100.00 AUD,
payable in advance on or before the first day of each
calendar month. Rent shall be paid by electronic funds
transfer to the account nominated by the Landlord or
managing agent. Should rent remain unpaid for more than 14
days after the due date, the Landlord reserves the right to
issue a breach of duty notice and pursue remedies available
under the Acct.

BOND

The Tenant shall pay a bond of $6,200.00 AUD prior to or on
the commencement date. This bond is equivalent to two
months’ rent and will be lodged with the Residential
Tenancies Bond Authority (RTBA) in accordance with
Victorian legislation. The bond, or any remaining portion
thereof, will be refunded to the Tenant at the conclusion

of the tenancy, provided the Premises are returned in
satisfactory condition, all rent has been paid, and no
breaches of this agreement have occurred.

OCCUPANCY AND USE

The Premises shall be occupied by 1 person only, being the
Tenant named in this agreement. The Tenant must not permit
any other person to reside at the Premises without the

prior written consent of the Landlord. The Premises are to
be used exclusively as a private residential dwelling and
must not be used for any commercial, industrial, or

business purpose.

The Tenant agrees to maintain the Premises in a reasonable
state of cleanliness and repair throughout the tenancy, to
comply with all applicable laws and by-laws, and to not
cause or permit any nuisance or interference with the
reasonable peace, comfort, or privacy of neighbours.
